The stars continue to shift above us. They pave the way for the great 
changes that have begun and will continue to occur as we go forward. 
At the end of 2020, the titans Saturn and Jupiter moved into Aquarius 
where they will exert their newfound influence. This foretells that 
there will be a significant focus on communities worldwide and how we’re
building connections not only with the villages we’re a part of but with 
others on a global scale as well.

After spending six months in fiery Aries, our mighty red planet Mars 
enters new territory in the fields of Taurus beginning January 6. During 
the coming two months, we will feel a greater need to focus on our 
stability and security. This will intensify our need to think long term. 
We feel quite determined now and know that we can achieve anything we 
set our mind to.

Mercury ventures into Aquarius on the eighth, where it will stay for quite 
a bit of time. This is because it enters yet another retrograde phase in 
this zodiac sign. The pre-shadow phase begins as early as January 15, but 
the official backward spiral starts on the thirtieth. When Mercury is in 
Aquarius, the mind thirsts for knowledge and new ideas. We bring an 
innovative approach to communications and projects now. We may also feel 
eager to connect with communities we believe in and relate to. As the month 
progresses, prepare for a slower pace to appear.

Venus, our goddess planet, ventures into this same territory on January 8 
as well, highlighting a tremendous amount of Aquarian energy now and in the 
month ahead. With our majestic queen dancing here, we will crave more 
freedom in relationships. We will demand to express our love as we truly feel 
it rather than being caged within a box. Friendship becomes especially 
important now, and we can truly align with platonic soul-mate connections.

A new moon in Capricorn on the twelfth opens up a doorway to you with regard 
to strategic planning and movement. This zodiac sign rules long-term ambitions. 
You will feel the need to assess the landscape and determine how you can leap 
toward your goals. Use the week following this lunation to take direct action 
and the universe will reward you.
