Wow, what a year you truly have in store for yourself, Libra! 2021 emphasizes
your true gift of communication bringing out the more creative qualities of 
your sign. You might even consider focusing your attention on your more artistic 
and altruistic forms of expression. As an air sign, you find yourself on a quest 
for knowledge and might even consider entering a program of study that expands 
your understanding of various subjects.

The north node's transit through Gemini directs your personal magnetism towards 
continued education, spiritual expansion, and even connects you to communities 
around the world. You might even consider directing your energy towards more 
humanitarian causes as Saturn's presence in Aquarius trines your sign and connects 
you to several causes that you feel most passionate about.

You are a sign that seeks diplomacy and justice, which you know does not happen 
overnight. You are willing to put in the time and effort to really see certain 
things through and know that this is a full-year process ahead. You might even 
consider volunteering your time with certain organizations, and find yourself 
continually inspired by the stories of others as you deepen your understanding 
and research within your community.

A very enlightening lesson this year includes the cycles of Mercury retrograde, 
which are all in air signs. This begins with an Aquarian retrograde during the 
months of January and February, creating an editing period for your fifth house, 
affecting your children and creative talents. As Mercury retrograde asks us all 
to investigate things more deeply, this is also an important lesson for all your 
relationships.

You'll feel more challenged by a Gemini retrograde cycle from May through early July. 
This can be a bit tricky in your communication style, and bring unwanted confusion. 
The year also brings a healing Mercury retrograde in your sign of the Scales from late 
September through mid-November.

In general, there's a lot of activity in the second half of the year in terms of ques-
tions and resolutions involving love.